funny we need to move what are you
talking about I thought things were
great things had dried up here this
would be our fourth move in tandem both
words but money is fine right
Yeah right yeah
[Music]
this is a fresh style
how about this
perfect that's what we always wanted
[Music]
is it you're embarrassing and you're
exhausting
I paid our rent I paid for Ben's school
I bought you a car I bought you a horse
I pay for construction on your barn
you're delusional I'll make money for us
for us it's not for us it's so you can
go to fancy parties and tell people we
have horses for the first time in years
I feel worthwhile I feel powerful you're
a poor kid pretending to be Richard I
don't have any friends here would have
any family what does it matter so much
to you
because I deserve this a lot more
[Music]